hey everybody welcome back their own
landfill I think mines contra plus we're
on random runs we're having a good time
let's run well I don't know that maybe a
Daly has gone up in the interim period I
never am going to say no to an Isaac run
but maybe there's been a daily that went
up during an interim period but the last
run that I recorded got pretty close we
very nearly died on an accidental black
rune boss rush I mean I deliberately
went to boss rush I deliberately used
the black rune but the death part of it
was unintentional I had neglected to
remember that when you use the black
room on boss rush it forces you to do
boss rush I thought I was being a sneaky
dude and stealing all the items for free
but anyway long long and short of it as
we ended up winning so if you sequence
broke these videos and you watch them
out of order first off stop hacking
secondly there you go it spoiled for you
it's still worth watching though we had
some good times and places that remind
me I'm trying to sum something something
leaving other than me I don't remember
the rest of the lyrics everyone keeps
telling me I'm you know I like to sing
I'm bad at it but I like doing it not
easily embarrassed at least not anymore
at this stage in my life everyone says
you might have a good voice if you sing
from the diaphragm
I require like hyper specific direction
on how to do that I don't understand
what it means to sing from the diaphragm
because I have to sing from my mouth
like I should be using my diaphragm more
but then it becomes like like I don't
know what that I can't not do that
that's the only thing I can do in that
voice is that one Metallica song from
like 2004 when they were in the period
where you knows pre the Metallica
Renaissance to some extent here I'm go
where some like the app gotta be honest
they actually sounded like almost same
like that was almost bad but real
singing maybe I figured it out live here
moving to the lucrative world of being
just a fairly bad singer there we go get
dusted mitre is great of course if
you're not going to use a reroll on that
what are you going to use a reroll lot
so mom's toenail is actually really bad
but I'm going to take it and I'm going
to take it because I never take it I
don't have anything else taken up that
slot right now it might cost us our deal
with the devil here but we're in like a
post-cold I mean it didn't cost us to
deal with that we cost ourselves to deal
with the devil we're living in a post
1,000,000% universe here so what do we
care about you know mixing it up a bit
in order to kill that guy in fact we
should we should be more brazen with our
with our choices if they're fun I'm not
saying we should go oh there's Plan C
we're dead wow what a zany run you know
which is not many people seem to want me
to do that but there are those of you
out there where I just think to myself
like what do you want this video to be
like some people are really like an L
use Plan C it kills you that's just
that's not zany thank you thank you
mom's toenail to just die like without
any benefit is not saying but I'm rag on
Plan C so much it could be a spot on the
NL bingo card you know so you don't have
to go down that road that's okay but I'm
you know when a comedian gets
pretentious they stop talking about
telling jokes and they start to say
things like really into the science of
comedy you know that's where I am with
zaniness I'm not in designing this
anymore Zayn eNOS is very old hat what
I'm into is what makes an efficient sane
you know what makes a genuine sane
because just doing something random is
in zany it has to be something that's
like a low percentage chance to be
disproportionately great for you but the
median payout is bad I think that's
that's my distillation of what makes a
sane appropriate is if there's a very
low chance that it works out for you but
if it works
for you it's great vs or you get some
reward at least versus it just being bad
to begin with I will take mom's perfume
mom's perfume lowers our rate of fire
but also lowers our tear cap it is a
very boring but decent upgrade and we
might be kind of saddled with those for
a while here because I did cost myself
the deal at the devil mind you we got a
lot of spirit arts after that point I'm
eager to use those this will be small
rock if somebody up there likes let's
get out of there um yeah so we kind of
whipped on our deal with the devil at
least it seems like we'll probably whip
on our deal with the devil but life goes
on looking for a seven cent item did not
get one I would probably take jar flies
there if we have the cash v6 it's not a
dime a dozen but jar flies is a really
nice shortcut to having decent damage
probably save one bomb for our boss
fight here instead of a second secret
room that's it could have something good
but probably better served helping me
out immediately on this boss fight but
can't really complain it would be really
really nice to get a deal with the devil
though undeserving but very very nice
okay where you going here buddy you just
want to make sure we're not dropping a
bomb on him rate as he's about to
teleport every time I think we might
have gotten them anyway but dudes is
never not teleporting there we go didn't
get a deal didn't deserve one you know
what I do want to speed upgrade can you
engineer a worse caffeine pill like it's
actually good but it's just so petty
we got a speed upgrade that came with
the speed downgrade lovely well we get a
bomb we'll probably do that but yeah
spirit arts are crushing it right now
but running on Isaac's base stats plus a
single tears upgrade is not really my
idea of a fun run long term it's not
even really my idea of a fun run on the
flooded caves one so I am eager to
press forward from this position onwards
did you see that I was really hoping
that would reveal magic mush and then we
could as an applied science of Zain
right there if we've gotten a good
mushroom item out of that thanks to
holding on to mom's toenail which at
present has done almost nothing for us
but one day dude one day it may hit an
enemy oh jeez that's embarrassing dude
that's the ticket right there speed
upgrade plus piercing shot I would take
piercing shots over almost any single
damage upgrade it just doesn't help that
much our most bosses but it makes rooms
so much easier on some rooms like if we
can hit three enemies as far as I'm
concerned we're doing 10.5 damage per
shot beginning six enemies as far as I'm
concerned we're doing twenty-one damage
per shot just makes your life that much
easier bomb when we get a bomb we got a
lot of it down the secret room for me
the same is real I really like I wrote
off that trinket mom's broken toenail
because I used it maybe the week that
rebirth came out and it stepped on a
boss and I went this is amazing and then
two rooms later it's stepped on me and I
said I'm never using this again we might
be going where they was up here you
might be going down the same Road
eventually here that's fine but for now
it did find a secret room for me how
does that fit into the science of Zain I
don't know maybe if you pay me $20,000 a
year I will you know give you a
bachelor's degree in Zane from the
University of thank you for your money I
mean you got to take it for four years
obviously and if you get a 49 in a class
instead of a 51 then you got to take it
again it's a complicated situation you
know it's all politics I'm sorry
hematemesis it's actually good we have
been rolling on no red hearts ever since
I lost a bunch of come by being an idiot
I think this is our floor because we got
100% deal to devil chance this is the
floor where we're going to make our best
effort to get ahead all that sucked so
we're going to take our time here I
might go back to the mob trap room if we
find ourselves in a lucky enough
situation to be able to blow those
things up we do have one luck it's
enough to expect maybe getting a bomb I
don't know if I want to spend a key and
then spend five cents to buy a bomb and
then spend that bomb to open two stone
chests which then requires us to fight
three waves of enemies it's starting to
get to the point where the value
proposition it turns a little bit in the
other direction but wow not necessarily
bad though that was a bad room on my
part Joker card is good rear old spider
mod is not great it's just okay but I
think it is worth holding in most
situations now one bomb for two spirit
arts might be fine but honestly with The
MITRE not too worried about it is there
a battery charge in the shop because you
could you could use one knowing that
we're definitely going to get the deal
with the devil
I'm all-in in that department come on
come on though and what are we looking
for tears or damage please both are not
in a dire position but there is a
battery charge both are not in a dire
position but I would desire them there
in a desire position is that a subreddit
yet I don't even want to know okay Big
Horn it's actually it has been a while
since I came up with a new liens law you
know there's some lion laws of Isaac way
back in the day you always fought
monstro first and that's a blast from
the freaking past dude seriously it used
to be like first floor so you know we're
going to fight monstro and then it was
monstro it happened with alarming
regularity
maybe his confirmation bias but I was
longer and more naive at that time so I
thought I had superpowers not really
maybe like a little bit the new Lions
law and this is like lions law 81 if you
have poor damage you will fight bighorn
it's just this boss only shows up when
you're like I could really use a damage
upgrade okay I would like to submit an
appeal about that damage I feel like the
hitbox on that was a little jacked but
it's like the number one complaint now
used to be like testing didn't hit me
now it's oh excuse me
game developer your hit boxes are
slightly yeah I've got to give this game
a five like the hit boxes just don't
feel right like I think that I didn't
hit him now player unknowns
battlegrounds shirt occasional hit box
janky miss Isaac I don't know this boss
fight man
let's go let's let's go
you can't touch those I forgot magic
mush everything is in its right place
okay I mean thank God we didn't take
magic much first I think you go this
then this because we definitely want it
although we don't get to like double
down on it that then we leave and then
I'm going to be a little silly because
our d6 is already ready and hope there's
a teleport room it doesn't seem like
there is we're going to do this oh okay
work with me work with me
he's done it okay you know what I got
nine lives let's go let's go hook I
don't even think I want to use this once
but I will now go pretty deep on this
one did you have to do that he act I'm
so mind flooded right now not I'm not
worried about losing the life the life
is irrelevant dude but I can't believe
that's the time that mom chose to come
down I was just about to use the d6 on
the potato peeler the only reason I had
not done it was because there was the
chance that we could get him to pay out
with something first and if he paid out
with something bad we would have rear
old two items for the price of one
but sadly mom had other ideas there but
you know what that's a great situation
in terms of humor at least because it's
like not catastrophic but also hilarious
and bad for me so that that fits all the
bills of like if you were submitting
that as your zany dissertation I'd be
like you know this guy probably deserves
his degree or you know this girl
physically deserves her degree but
demographically speaking slightly more
likely it would be a dude hey thanks for
the extra deal with the devil chance I
would like to get back in there
and you know I could potato peel myself
like a bunch of times and get some
bonuses there this might give us a
second level cube of meat hilariously
enough
Maggie's beau is also good that means we
are going to probably stick with this
life but if it goes uh if it goes
terribly wrong I'm not going to worry
too much we are going super fast which
is awesome for bas fresh purposes I
would like to fight greed we got Seven
Keys I think it's worth a check not um
mama mega is irrelevant that's an item
that the more I play the more I realized
that there's like two big reasons to use
mama Mega one of them is somehow you've
taken it all the way down to the void
the other one is you really want to make
bas rush or you would at least like to
make boss rush and that makes that
possible dude greatest bomb ever place
real talk oh dude let me into this deal
with the devil I know I've only got a
17% chance but it's the least you could
do after you use me as the butt of your
cosmic joke they're good bomb dude you
almost got me with that one
no deal you know what we rolled it I
don't want to deal with the devil or
sorry I don't want a second level cube
immune I want a regular first level cube
of meat we are going to make boss rush
and with ten point four a damage we have
a pretty good shot of even wanting to do
boss rush believe it or not even though
we did it on the last run I could see I
could see there being a case for it on
this run ten point for a damage is
excellent rate of fire leaves a little
bit to be desired and our bosses are the
hardest part for us because of the
piercing shots but we can hit two bosses
at the same time something to be said
about that
you know what just notice thanks to this
room I would be relatively psyched
compared to the value of the item to get
Ouija board hook me up with some form of
spectral tears obviously if I could get
spirit of the night I'd be happier
dead onion sure why not dude you kidding
me with this I will probably reroll
little Gish cool Easter Egg not the
greatest familiar in the game if we get
a deal with the devil as I mean it
sounds ridiculous but I actually would
love lump of coal synergizes pretty well
with piercing shots obviously you know
mom's not brimstone full guppy
transformation etc but barring those I
would accept that
it's not good enough tempting because I
do like the variable value of whatever
the card could be you know could be
Joker it could be chaos even chaos would
be worth getting to give us a free hush
kill and you know we can get all the
stuff that's down there certainly worth
holding at the very least but I don't
think as an item it's good enough we
need to go for something a little better
not that we're in tight here like
because our damage is so good we're
actually really well equipped but it's
getting a little close to crunch time
for our damage like I don't that was
terrible we're actually going to win
this run and almost nothing can stop it
I mean it's only been like a floor and a
half since that like completely stupid
ridiculous
death that we had just due to
circumstance and we're already at max HP
and we're you know stronger than we've
ever been so I feel like there's very
very low percentage chance of a death
here overall on this run we could die
again but I don't think we're going to
die permanently yeah that's a good
plague
magnet is still pretty bad doesn't do
much for us safety camp
hoping maybe we can get a it's a little
short-term as far as usefulness but
hoping our shop maybe contains a nun's
habit use that to generate a lot of
rerolls of course a teleport card would
be on the list of things that be
interested in right now we got a few
different options though so big floor
we're very lucky we found almost all the
special rooms so early so we can almost
certainly have a good chance to make it
the boss rush here if we so desire do I
so desire I mean the damage is really
good admittedly we did just do boss rush
but so what oh that's a good stuff okay
well worth two bombs honestly would have
been worth the spirit heart even
especially because we have too many stop
with the spirit hearts unnecessary just
waiting on this last men money is hard
to come by but just waiting on this last
special room which it's liable to be a
shop although I would definitely go to a
curse room if it shows up as well there
we go we've got enough bombs to get to
15 cents it is greed it's bad timing for
a greed fight it's also a tough call on
what you do with the d6 at this point
because we could use it to reroll are
shot speed or not sorry we can use it to
reroll the shot speed up or we could use
it to reroll the magnet or we could use
it to reroll whatever we get from a
potential deal with the devil or we
could use it to reroll boss rush so you
can see my conundrum here you know
there's a couple of very very
potentially viable options that's an a
was it was the ticket out of boss rush
no matter what so I am for that that's
great this gets reroll into the d100 I
don't consider the D 100 that zany
anymore sometimes we will use it
but it shows up so much and there's so
many opportunities to re-roll that I
think we can also afford to say no to it
now and then and honestly I've been
fighting for this run so I'm going to
keep it it's not a cool run but I'm
going to take it nonetheless so that was
like the worst shot speed up of all time
point one six shot speed and a rules
card it's the way the cookie crumbles
but I'm okay with that
we should have rear old the Magnum I
suppose dude the damages a little silly
to slow your roll on that front okay do
that we did get the deal I'm going to
take both of these now we have permanent
polaroid invincibility after we take the
Polaroid Elyse and we can come in here
what do we get out of here if a CAC
great item mr. mega is a good item evil
I know you just pop a waz for certain
grab a pickaxe get the heck out of here
and we're sitting pretty I mean we have
72 damage now it's really nice when your
damage equals your deal with the devil
chance that's on then say about that I
guess there are some situations in which
you can have like a 0.5 deal with the
devil chance for this the same one of
those situations it's not being pedantic
okay we are going to accept that
sometimes you can't make an omelet
without breaking a few eggs hematemesis
can save us a lot of trouble here
I'm basically unconcerned about our HP
even though it's not amazing right now I
think we can live easily on one HP x
eight lives I think we've got to stick
with hematemesis so how's it feel moon
dad's okay yet I think we got to stick
with hematemesis which if we find our
secret room second secret room rather
could stand to give us a bunch of HP
upgrades I can't believe we're still
rolling mom's toenail he's gonna shake
your head and she's not going to be
wrong is the thing this is like the only
trinket no we could have taken safety
cap which would have been better watch
battery or super magnet whatever it's
called it was super magnet you know what
I do that and I know it's a huge damage
downgrade there what is going on with my
knives why did I do that because the
thing was a d100 is that it's too safe a
six-room is permanent and that's what
makes it special in my opinion we have
we have a strange situation I don't know
if this is monstros lung mom's knife or
what but it's also one of those rare
situations in which you can't be mad at
me for having mom's knife because it's
actually worse than what we started with
like at some point you got to accept
that this is the rare situation in which
mom's knife is actually substantially
worse did that that did hurt we had to
wait for oh you know we do have the
infestation to infestation no one
breathing something something something
into something into something didn't
want to waste my time coming up with
lyrics there who bothers with that you
know
No Deal a little bit unhappy with the
lack of a deal life does go on we do
have perhaps the mind also I love Midas
touch we can get the permanent Polaroid
instability then we're going to be love
and life here with - touch mom's knife
worth it we do no matter what we still
got the guppy chance it slow but we do
have 100% deal with the devil chance not
so low we've asked it baby we do was
like we popped a pill that was bad but
the enemies got poisoned and that was
temporarily very confused so we should
try to use pills when relevant I can't
offhand see explosive immunity so I'm
thinking that I will probably not worry
blind rage versus mom's toenail I've had
this pilfered for years man I wouldn't
dare excuse me
I am going to check the curse room
I'm unconcerned about HP I said it
earlier I'll say it again or Babylon is
it it gave it oh and it gives us no
standstill we go into the next room
don't freak out yet that's the
moneymaker right there good speed
increase which is honestly really
important at our present speed or at our
previous speed rather which was 0.88 and
then combine that with the damage
upgrade them feeling like that was the
right call
I don't know if we have the relic or if
that's just excuse me if that's just a
dark bomb paying out from these red
hearts that we saw earlier but this is
good this is like we left a sweep
startup that we founded ourselves close
and then we found an opportunity to go
join another startup and we just made
that startup awesome you know a very
relatable anecdote there for all of
those amongst us who have started up to
successful companies I'm in negative one
right now so I just need to find
somebody out there who has three and
we're good to go I'm not gonna fight
hush I'm not gonna fight hush cuz
doesn't want to I took the whole resent
having to say it but there are runs of
which I like fighting hush namely runs
in which I can crap on him there's runs
in which I don't like fighting hush
she's basically all the other ones oh
come on you were already dead I would
love some soup to have action
and I would continue to love some
shootable backs because we aren't
getting any here now I did get rid of
permanent polaroid invincibility chance
I also got rid of hematemesis we're
going to roll just fine
on spirit arts because we do have the
relic I mean you could I said earlier I
don't know if we have the relic suppose
I could have just looked for the
enormous Blue Cross surrounding or the
like trailing behind our character seems
to be a successful choice you cannot
hurt me Midas touch is going to get the
job that okay we didn't take today you
know I'm getting cocky and there were
some times where this run was looking a
little bad we shouldn't be getting
conscious it's a needlessly tone-deaf
right now is a good word for it that's
fine let's get the heck out of here
there's no reason we have to finish your
run quickly with mom's knife and then
also do more things to make us the enemy
here
sister Maggie's okay we did get
conjoined lucky foot is good five Lux
should give us new items skinny odd
musher sorry fat on mushroom is actually
terrible for us which I didn't even
think of but a zero point one speed
downgrade is fairly awful right now with
0.78 speed after the fact but again
presumably all we're going to have to do
is worst-case scenario be blue baby with
one HP I think that that is beyond
plausible in all likelihood we will
probably have to beat blue baby with
like six HP
still worth popping pills get a little
poison damage out of iron okay where's
my items well you can't get your items
until you finish your meat I never
understood that in the song the wall you
know it because I'm a kid dude while I
was a kid who liked me but didn't like
desserts that much I know it sounds like
I'm putting on airs but it was the
honest-to-god truth so when the Pink
Floyd song the wall when they go you
know you can't have your pudding till
you finish your meat I'm like there's an
opportunity for capitalism to prevail
here you give me your meats ha ha ha and
I'll give you my pudding ah ha ha ha ha
you know that's the basis of econ 101
we're getting gains from trade here I'm
just saying those idiot kids in the song
are missing out we have conjoined end
also triple shot we have created a
situation in which you know we got a
little too many knives if I'm being
honest with you it is also taking us a
hundred years to charge up enough knives
that we can actually shoot some out and
our range is not good when the knives
hit they do a lot of damage but that
triple shot is destroyed our rate of
fire we're still going to win
thank you for not making me go to
delirium which I think might have made
me crap my pants but for now thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed the episode if
you did click the like button upset a
great deal and of course subscribe if
you want to see more in the future for
now thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time